c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.exe.config
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.exe
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.pdb
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\obj\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\obj\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.exe
c:\users\steyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\obj\Debug\DalaiLama_bot.pdb
C:\Users\Steyn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Steyn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DalaiLama_bot\DalaiLama_bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
